[theme song starts]
[digital typing and beeping]
♪ Here we are, going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[digital whirring and beeping]
DISTANT MEMORY
[Aelita laughing]
Look at my giant snowball, mommy.
[Mrs. Schaeffer]
Stay near the house, darling.
-[Hopper] Well done, my angel.
-[Aelita laughing]
[wolf howls]
[menacing music]
[gasps]
[Aelita] Mommy! Daddy!
[wolf growling]
No!
Aelita!
[panting]
Mommy!
No!
Aelita!
Mommy!
[engine revs]
[Aelita panting]
Mommy!
[panting]
[crying]
[growls]
[menacing music fades out]
[gentle music]
[Yumi] What?
You're still having nightmares?
[Aelita] Well, yeah. They keep coming back
every now and then.
What's more, they're always the same.
But don't worry, Jeremy. I'm used to them.
No, Aelita, it's not your nightmares
I'm worried about.
I told you that it's no big deal.
Yumi won't be far for the holidays,
and I'm staying here
to keep an eye on XANA.
So, there's no need to worry.
I don't care about XANA.
I just don't like
leaving you here all alone.
I'm gonna tell my dad I'm staying here.
No you're not!
You should spend the holidays
with your families.
For me it's…
It's not the same thing.
Hmm.
[Ulrich] At holiday time, my dad
gets more stressed out than ever,
which makes my mom hysterical.
I think I'd rather stay here.
Yeah, me too.
My sisters drive me nuts.
Last year,
they locked me in the bathroom all night,
just because they thought it was funny!
They did?
But that's even worse than my kid brother.
I thought they were older than you, Odd.
They are.
And they're a lot bigger than me too.
That's my problem.
[Aelita, Jeremy, Ulrich and Yumi laugh]
Hey, Ulrich.
Isn't that your dad's car over there?
Well, the show must go on.
See you soon, everybody.
May the force be with you.
-See ya.
-It's not all that long.
Try and have some fun.
[Jeremy] There's my father.
Aelita, are you sure that you--
Go on now, hurry up. I won't be all alone.
I've got Kiwi for company.
Okay. Goodbye for now.
Uh, speaking of Kiwi,
don't feed him any cheese at all.
It gives him gas.
And that's more powerful
than your Energy fields.
[Aelita laughs]
Thanks for the tip.
-Hi, dad.
-So long!
[theme music]
I see you're still hanging around
with that gang of good for nothings.
And I see you forgot
your happy pill again.
Ulrich!
[sighs]
Your friends seem very nice, Jeremy.
Uh, yeah, I really like them a lot.
[Jeremy] They're my good buddies.
That girl with the pink hair.
Is that Aelita,
the one you're always talking about?
She's very pretty.
And I get the impression she likes you.
I'd better go.
I promised my mom I'd help her clean up.
Okay, see ya Yumi.
Aelita, are you sure you don't
wanna spend the holidays with us.
-I'll call my parents and tell them--
-No, I'd just be in the way.
And besides,
I could use a little time alone.
Hmm.
Well,
if you need anything, you know my number.
Okay.
-[Aelita] Have a nice holiday.
-[Yumi] Hmm.
[theme music]
[gentle music]
[snoring]
[Aelita chuckles]
[Kiwi pants]
[Aelita] Oh, he's so cute. I love him.
What should I call him?
[Hopper] How about Mr. Pück?
It's the name of an elf.
[Mrs. Schaeffer] Do you like it?
[Aelita] Oh, yes! Thank you, mommy.
[melancholic music]
[sighs]
[Mr. Belpois whistling]
[whistling continues]
You're very quiet, son.
Is anything wrong?
Uh, no, I… It's nothing,
I was just thinking of something else.
Oh.
[Mr. Stern] You disappointed me again,
as usual Ulrich.
I thought after the talk we had last month
that you would try
to make some kind of an effort.
Instead, there's been
no improvement at all.
[girl making noises]
Plus all those unexcused absences.
[Ulrich laughing]
And you find that amusing?
[sighs]
[cars honking]
[Kiwi snoring]
[computer chimes]
-[classical music plays]
-Hmm?
[piano plays]
[gasps]
[turns off music]
[sighs]
Daddy?
Where are you?
"Expecting you here on Lyoko"?
You're not on the network?
[static crackling]
Oh, rats! It bugged up!
[grumbles]
[Kiwi snoring]
[Mrs. Ishiyama] Yumi, could you please
give me a hand in here?
Soon as I'm finished calling my friend.
Your phone call can wait!
I need you to help me right now.
If not, I'll never finish
all the housework in time.
But mom, you've got a whole week to do it.
Yes, and as usual,
your father's not going to lift a finger,
so a week may not be enough!
Huh? What did I do this time?
[groans]
-[mechanical clanking]
-[tense music]
"There isn't much time."
Not much time for what?
"Here are the coordinates."
"See you in a minute, my dear."
See you in a minute, my dear.
[computer blipping]
[scanning]
[powering up]
[grunts]
[Aelita] What's that thing?
A simulation bubble?
[gasps]
Oh!
How can this be?
[classical music plays]
-[piano note plays]
-[gasps]
Daddy?
Aelita!
We've so much catching up to do
and there's so little time.
I thought you were lost on the network!
-Lost? No dear.
-[Aelita crying]
When XANA destroyed Lyoko,
I managed to escape.
I have information to give you,
but first…
I wanted so much to hold you in my arms.
But how did you--
I had to create this simulation bubble
so that I could finally--
This is fantastic.
Everything is just the same.
Yes. This bubble will allow us
to do many things, my dear.
[nods]
Like spending an evening together at last.
[theme music]
Aelita, come on! Pick up will you!
-[yells]
-Hey, what are you doing in here? Get out!
Calling Ulrich?
Mind your own business!
Do I ask you about Milly Solovieff?
[grunts angrily]
[grumbles]
Hmm.
Hello, Jeremy?
For how long of a time?
Her phone battery
might be dead, that's all.
Think you can go over there,
and check it out? Keep me posted, okay?
Uh, Dad?
Uh, I forgot my laptop back at the dorm,
and I, um…
I get the idea, Jeremy.
Your laptop wouldn't have pink hair,
by any chance, would it?
-Huh?
-You know, I can understand that.
I was in love once too.
You were? With who?
Who else? With your mother!
[car horns honking]
Oh! This traffic's horrible!
[honks horn]
Getting all tense
won't get us there any faster, dear.
[phone rings]
That you, Jeremy?
You sure?
You're right, something must be up.
Okay, I'll let him know,
and we'll meet "you know where."
Anything is more fun than this!
-Ulrich! Where are you going?
-[Mrs. Stern gasps]
To get a little air
and to stretch my legs.
Besides, I'll get there faster if I walk.
See ya.
[Mrs. Stern gasps]
[car horns honking]
Odd, Aelita's not answering her phone.
Meet us at the factory.
Okay, be right there,
as soon as I tell my parents.
Well, are you flying today or not?
Just a second.
Hello, Adele? It's Odd.
Uh huh. Oh! Sorry, Pauline.
Hey, listen,
you think you could ask Elizabeth
to tell Marie to say to Louise
that she should let mom and dad
know I missed my flight.
Huh? What do you mean,
tell them myself? Hello?
[grumbles]
Okay, change of plan.
Nothing like sibling loyalty!
[theme music]
[knocking]
Hmm?
Aelita?
[static crackling]
"Expecting you here on Lyoko?"
[gasps]
No, as long as XANA hasn't been defeated,
I can't rematerialize myself.
But you however, should be able
to free your young friend.
What was his name again?
-William.
-Yes, of course.
I'm going to send a program to Jeremy
via the Supercomputer.
By the way, how's your fight
against XANA progressing?
We're hunting him down on the network,
thanks to our virtual ship,
the Skidbladnir.
Huh?
"Skidbladnir?"
[chuckles]
What a strange name?
But you know that name.
It's in the book of Viking legends
that you used to read to me
before I went to sleep.
Yes of course, the Skidbladnir.
How could I forget?
[exhales]
[tense music]
[Jeremy] Thanks, dad.
[Yumi panting]
-Yumi!
-Huh? Hurry, Jeremy.
Aelita virtualized herself onto Lyoko.
What? But why did she do that?
Her father asked her to!
Hmm?
Is anything wrong, my precious?
Why'd you ask me to come to Lyoko, daddy?
Because I wanted to see you.
It's been such a long time.
It's dangerous.
XANA could attack at any time.
Not as long as I'm with you.
[exhales]
You know…
When I said that everything here was
the same as I remembered it, I meant it.
I'm glad you like it.
I wanted you to feel as if it
was your home, our home.
It's true, everything's here.
Nothing's missing.
Except for one little thing.
Oh really? What's that?
My mother.
-[tense music]
-But…
You remember, dear,
your mother disappeared.
Yes, and I want to see her again
more than anything else in the world.
And you know that. You've always known.
And since you're a perfectionist,
you'd have recreated her
here in the simulation bubble.
That is unless
you weren't really my father!
Aelita!
Stay away from me, XANA!
[grumbles]
[Aelita yells]
Hello, Aelita.
[Jeremy] Something's fishy.
Hmm. What if it was Hopper
who contacted Aelita?
[Jeremy] XANA's pulled this on us before.
I don't think Hopper
would risk this with his own daughter.
Aelita is somewhere in the Ice Sector.
Huh?
In a simulation bubble?
-She's in a what?
-A copy of the real world.
A sort of ghost channel.
Aelita's fallen into a trap.
Get ready! You're going in right now!
[Aelita gasping]
Better give up, Aelita. You can't beat me!
That's what you think!
[Aelita exclaims]
What are you waiting for?
Go after her!
[Jeremy] Transfer Yumi.
Scanner Yumi.
Virtualization.
[grunts]
Jeremy, I didn't land inside the bubble.
[Jeremy] I know. I can't virtualize you
directly inside of it.
[Jeremy] You'll have to find
your own way in.
Any idea how?
[Jeremy] Not really, but if you ask me,
XANA's probably screening his guests.
For sure. He even left
a couple of bouncers at the door.
[laser blasting]
[grunting]
-[panting]
-[menacing music]
[growls]
[laughing]
[grunts]
[yells]
[tense music]
[shouts]
Be careful Yumi,
that's twenty life points you just lost.
Perfect timing you two.
Head straight for the scanner room.
Yumi and Aelita are in big trouble.
Sure, but how about a little rundown?
I'll fill you in later. Now, get going!
-[Ulrich] Huh?
-[Odd laughs]
[panting]
[growls]
[tense music]
Impossible to escape!
-[Aelita whimpers]
-[William] This bubble is your prison!
[Jeremy] Virtualization.
[both grunt]
Super sprint!
Good to see you again.
How's your vacation?
Short. Good to be back though.
Where's Aelita?
[Yumi] Somewhere inside that bubble thing.
She's always
gotta be different, doesn't she?
Laser arrow!
[laughing]
-[William] Give up, Aelita.
-All right.
[Aelita] You win, William.
-[ethereal music]
-[William] Huh?
No!
-[tense music]
-[Aelita sighs]
It doesn't matter.
You lose no matter what, Aelita.
[Aelita] Not yet.
Impact!
Huh?
[all panting]
[Jeremy] The simulation bubble's
disappeared.
Go and help Aelita! Step on it!
Okay, Einstein.
Can you call us some taxis?
[Jeremy] Coming up.
[Odd grunts]
[Yumi exclaims]
A Blok.
What was it, Jeremy?
-[Jeremy] A Blok.
-[groans]
Guess we'd better "unblok" the situation.
The first priority is getting Aelita back.
Here we go!
[menacing music]
[vehicles revving]
Manta!
Attack!
Flying Manta! Watch out!
[Odd exclaiming]
[exhales]
Hmm.
You wanna leave? Be my guest.
Help!
[Aelita whimpers]
Aelita, no!
She's too far away, Jeremy.
Better bring her in.
I don't believe it!
[Aelita yells]
[menacing music]
[Ulrich] No!
No! This can't be happening! Not Aelita!
[Jeremy] Yumi, Aelita's gone!
[gasps]
[theme music]
-[engine revs]
-[Ulrich yells]
Okay, Romeo, this is really
gonna cost you.
[grunts]
[William in distorted voice] Super smoke!
What's he doing now?
Looks like he's waiting for something.
[Jeremy] I dunno,
but without Aelita, it's all over.
Hmm?
Einstein, something weird is happening.
[Jeremy] Yeah, hang on.
I think I get the picture.
Huh?
Victory!
-Hey, what is that thing?
-It's what I thought!
[Jeremy] I was right.
[Bloks whirring]
Fire!
Jeremy, XANA's trying to destroy
a kind of brightly lit bubble.
What do we do?
[Jeremy] Protect it!
That bubble is Franz Hopper!
I'll handle William.
Okay, then I'll go
and do a number on that Blok.
-[Ulrich panting]
-[William] Super smoke!
It looks like he dropped something off.
You're right, he did. It was Aelita.
Daddy?
Oh!
Laser arrow!
It's great to see you again, princess.
[bubble chiming]
[Jeremy] Hopper is losing energy! Take out
that Blok! And make it snappy too!
We're doing all we can, Einstein!
[both grunting]
[Ulrich yells]
Hmm?
[Odd yells]
[Aelita] Energy field!
[Aelita gasps]
Super smoke.
It's all over.
Dad, you have to get away.
-Hurry!
-[William gasps]
[Aelita gasps]
[William yelling] No!
Hi.
Saying you gave us a scare
is an understatement, princess.
I know someone
who's gonna be really happy to see you.
-Let's go.
-I hope this time,
he gives us the rundown he promised us,
because I dunno what's going on.
[grunts]
It's pretty obvious.
There he goes again!
You see, when Lyoko was destroyed,
Hopper wasn't spread out over the network.
He managed to escape!
He disappeared on purpose, is that it?
That's right, to get away from XANA,
which is why he's constantly trying
to throw Aelita
into the Digital Sea all the time.
He knows that's the only thing that could
get Hopper to come out of hiding.
In order to destroy him.
As long as my father's alive,
he'll always be a big threat to XANA.
And our friend XANA knows it.
Well, before we blow XANA away for good,
why don't we give
each other our presents, huh?
[Ulrich] We said
we'd wait till after vacation.
Yeah, I know.
Here, Einstein, this one's for you.
Since XANA made us come back earlier
than expected, why wait, right?
[rubber duck squeaks]
That's cool, Odd. Thanks a lot,
but, um, what am I supposed to do with it?
[Odd] Nothing at all. That's what
makes it fun, don't you think?
You're not opening your presents?
No. In Japan, you never open a present
in front of the person who gave it to you.
Thank you, Jeremy.
And that isn't all, Aelita.
Tonight, you're coming home with me.
My parents want you to stay
for the holidays.
But I don't want to bother them.
[Jeremy] It's not bother at all.
They're the ones who insisted.
I'll give you my room,
and I'll sleep in the living room.
We've got a really comfortable couch.
What about XANA?
Y'know, I'm sure that XANA could
use a vacation too.
[Jeremy laughs]
[Yumi and Ulrich nod]
-What are you thinking about?
-About my father.
When he saved me,
even in his virtual form,
I could feel his presence.
Like he was holding me in his arms.
[theme music]